website: add reference to "writing documentation" to readme (#15245)
goauthentik/authentik: website/README.md

This directory contains the source files for the [authentik technical documentation](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs?utm_source=github) and the [authentik integration guides](https://docs.goauthentik.io/integrations?utm_source=github).

> Contributions are welcome! Please refer to our [contributor guidelines](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs?utm_source=github) for details. You can also [build the documentation locally](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs/setup/website-dev-environment?utm_source=github) to preview your changes. For tips on writing and contributing to the docs, see the [writing documentation guide](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs/docs/writing-documentation?utm_source=github). Be sure to test locally before opening a pull request to help ensure a smooth review process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions are welcome! Please refer to our [contributor guidelines](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs?utm_source=github) for details about contributing code or docs. 

For instructions to set up your local environment for building docs locally, refer to our [Docs development environment](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs/setup/website-dev-environment?utm_source=github) page.

For instructions for writing the docs and then testing in your local build, plus tips on writing, links to our Style Guide and templates, see the [Writing documentation guide](https://docs.goauthentik.io/docs/developer-docs/docs/writing-documentation?utm_source=github). 

To ensure a smooth review process, we encourage you to build the documentation locally to preview and test your documentation contributions. Be sure to test locally before opening a pull request. Let us know if you have any questions or want help with any part of the process.
```

Author: LGTM
